Unknown 0:00
Are you yes Do I need to do anything

Unknown 0:11
No that's putting your pocket this way it's all time

Unknown 0:16
okay that's it Anyway

Unknown 0:41
what do you think anybody be interested or you know anyone that might be

Unknown 0:49
going to go through all the different marketing channels addition to that she was picked up today

Unknown 1:12
yes yes it's

Unknown 1:21
necessary to do that

Unknown 1:38
really good

Unknown 1:45
example

Unknown 2:07
beginning when we met I would say my first my chair was

Unknown 2:22
private

Unknown 2:26
when you're doing good or

Unknown 2:43
bad so much time I love I loved it so, basically I just arrived different data every day trying to look it up for example one lump sum donation donation data and research

Unknown 3:19
data

Unknown 3:22
my opinion leadership

Unknown 3:27
is very hard you have to make crack talk

Unknown 3:31
to people to see if your idea

Unknown 3:50
shouldn't try to compare but you remember to

Unknown 4:09
do two birds one so, two birds with one stop

Unknown 4:18
thank you

Unknown 4:37
yeah innovation

Unknown 4:49
is good

Unknown 4:55
209 As we get ready

Unknown 4:59
Oh yeah

Unknown 5:46
just

Unknown 5:54
love it

Unknown 6:13
up you war everyone

Unknown 7:39
what's going on this

Unknown 7:51
activity

Unknown 8:01
and we did yeah that's pretty much

Unknown 8:10
how it would go and

Unknown 8:18
this will save it is

Unknown 8:37
all about so

Unknown 8:38
you show you go to Paris by train even though I've

Unknown 8:54
been trained

Unknown 9:01
so very very cool to be with you know like a French guy telling us to do so

Unknown 9:21
to say

Unknown 9:27
get rid of it same for me actually probably not the best but the second bye for

Unknown 9:49
now yes yes she says the baby I have another another one who lives in China so wow

Unknown 10:05
yeah

Unknown 10:09
yeah no it was good very much

Unknown 10:55
it you ever wondered why

Unknown 11:14
soon as I realised that I run out

Unknown 11:31
of time I received an email with a lot of a lot

Unknown 11:38
that somebody

Unknown 11:43
did I receive an email about a blockchain event it's

Unknown 11:46
gonna happen soon no I was talking about

Unknown 11:55
a management

Unknown 12:07
question I'm hearing because

Unknown 12:22
blockchain is funny

Unknown 12:26
one week one of my accelerators was one of Intrapreneurs and they made an extra one

Unknown 12:36
seed investment so I tried to bring him from Brian Tracy I got to be on site I started dealing with a couple because we want to

Unknown 13:01
go right guys

Unknown 14:01
have a very peaceful area

Unknown 14:43
I made it

Unknown 14:55
waiting

Unknown 14:57
for so long right I'm

Unknown 15:01
really passionate about the rice so that you guys were doing this weekend

Unknown 15:20
ideas I use when I want to ask you Have you ever kind of be honest students because they too many stuff that we can have a blockchain because we are trying to do some kind of course private message here

Unknown 16:02
we're doing

Unknown 16:10
right now why

Unknown 16:17
don't we just be able to explore this if there was a breakdown

Unknown 16:33
not sure

Unknown 16:49
anymore so this

Unknown 17:04
is especially love this

Unknown 17:10
in many ways

Unknown 17:37
I recommend I have no sympathy just because you guys organise a weekend the thing is I

Unknown 18:10
actually lost an eye and I was surprised stage 27

Unknown 18:39
know it's a nonprofit things like that because either Are you

Unknown 18:52
able to do what you need to do

Unknown 19:03
that's your job I was when I was doing it as we were sponsoring in kind by giving the venue so, there was no money going that way cost wise

Unknown 19:26
expenses for basically the meaning of space and shelter I would be really interested in seeing if anyone is working on blockchain and AI on top

Unknown 19:59
of the first video

Unknown 20:13
my follow

Unknown 20:16
up there is that like the AI is about

Unknown 20:31
afternoon

Unknown 20:42
to get

Unknown 20:53
started hello

Unknown 21:29
I keep saying

Unknown 21:54
Good evening and welcome all to the Thursday. MUSIC We knew that we get these books the first Thursday preparing for some familiar faces some new faces coming out. general themes will be tonight. So this is not relevant. It's cold. It's not raining. So you've all braved it, what am I willing to say generally, of course, I've written on intro for those who get pulled over via my name is Lucy I'm the textbook usage of robots. I remember the fucking toys five years coming up. And that role involves me being curious, nosy, because I felt like that my job was to get to know community and what what you're doing and why you're doing how you're doing it. And to also host this amazing event for Thursday, which has been running since we started 10 years ago in May your birthday. So we officially became. But we when we gave the company a format. We were founded to talk about all the joys of being a founder time, money, people stress, paying the bills working out what to do, how to prioritise. And that's how we've evolved. And that's how we've evolved. We're not perfect, the bassist advanced in the wheelchair. And we just we help people make connections and one of the best about this your festival, which is coming up 14th and 16th of May we ran, we curated our first festival last year, and that's been going for 12 years. We develop it the first time in 2023. It was five days it's intense. It's gonna be three days that shakes I'm not mad. And we've got two or three things which have got international relevance with our foundations. So we've got sports and life sciences because we grow Olympians here. We're not bad at Rugby, never moments. And we've got lots of Life Sciences essentially that's the Tuesday. The Wednesday is the city's it was heritage of your heritage city. But cities as a broader combination can present things like hydrogen and transport smarter In the future, but lots of different conversations in that day well, and the third date is space, which of course could be missions to Mars. It could also be tactics can also be your friends around you. And I want you to be very literal, rather crazy, because those things that you're talking about Net Zero 1.0 F one word sustainability, you have to realise the machine learning about actually, starting from day to day you get to accuracy. So my challenge to you all about what you might like to do, what you might not be involved in, essentially are speaking with directors and call schedule, but we also you can run your own event my job in curator is trying to make everything flow nicely. Works and magical. Thank you, your sponsor for tonight. Agile basics spread each time a new sponsors, Excel Where's charm? Yeah.

Unknown 24:43
So you might even send an email out and she's about to go into detail on her so she knows exactly what she's doing. And that's an enzyme. And so shout out with Andrea. Okay, first return, you might remember great Ben.

Unknown 25:10
Everyone, I'm Andrew Kenny, and I'm across the Innovation Centre.

Unknown 25:16
from the University of Auckland, we are six ways back. So if you are new

Unknown 25:23
patient support complex Nick. Incredible. Others? And so, yes, I just wanted to say that we are on the first Tuesday of the month. Thank you. To the first of February. Again, it's no joke when it comes to that, but so it's on the first of February come from half past eight, we will be having coffee and pastries. And come join us. And we'll have a couple of speakers from three companies over a different before talking about health and well being. Okay. And just Yeah, so come join us if you like Okay, so we are coming. Because, you know, we would like to do a bit the history. And we, you know, there's more views and yeah, race on Eventbrite is sort of just on the sort of the code of conduct. And so Mike Tyson, he's, he's, he's an interesting chap, because he made a few interesting decisions in life. And he said, he's made a few mistakes, but one of my

Unknown 26:48
favourite quotes that he's won a pivot, and he said, they don't, until you get punched in the mouth.

Unknown 26:53
And that's your your

Unknown 26:56
business, whatever. But the one thing that I really liked, just on the bed was like,

Unknown 27:03
and I'm sorry, he's terrible

Unknown 27:05
accident, but he has access to the office and that has, social media has, you're way too comfortable with disrespecting people and rock getting punched in the face for it. This isn't about that.

Unknown 27:18
We are a little bit complacent. And I don't you know, think twice before you disrespect people. And you know, it's really easy to do in this

Unknown 27:27
game. That job wants to know shut up and begin to shut up you know your views. And this is

Unknown 27:40
I want some of you might have been here before. My first I would suspect on the network, which is a network for personal and professional development. For anybody who is trying to evade a crossroads in life or your career or you know, people in Connect. We have we have been very fortunate to receive support from Hussein tech support, and our lives are better probably free but our next one which is happening on February 8, will be a workshop on an understanding of personal finance. It is a ticketed event but we are going to be off topic. So the backdrop be so if you're interested a couple of minutes, if not, you can find us on LinkedIn or Instagram and our work would love to connect with you have your information or not afraid Oh,

Unknown 28:45
hello, just very quickly, so

Unknown 28:46
some of you might have seen me here last time. Ciao. So I'm parked at parties and one of the projects we have is with cyber first which is a GCHQ led project getting kids interested in cybersecurity. So we work in schools and mapping with industry leaders, especially in cybersecurity or anything that makes computer science and software development. We rely on volunteers from the sector to work with the skills and be much

Unknown 29:18
more intelligent we are all they do is put us up to speed for many of

Unknown 29:22
our successes. We did workshops, careers events, mock interviews those different things and work with the schools and see what they want to work with the industry to see how you can support as well so if it's something you're interested in or it was something you got probably might be interested in coming out with Jackson later on. We've got an event coming up later this week online that kind of gives you an outline how to get started first ambassador how to sign up whatsoever to get to that point. So come along and say hello. Now we've got this piece arrives.

Unknown 30:04
Booty salsa, I have to read out the possibility that Everything You Always Wanted to Know About post quantum cryptography but we're afraid to

Unknown 30:16
check.

Unknown 30:51
Thank you, thank you for your kind introduction. And thanks for the invitation to come along and be able to place here is anyway this is an event dedicated to new startups innovation provided I worked with a lot of new leaders. So talking more company knows Amazon, it was

Unknown 31:11
a couple of months ago, I attended this event, because the printer here him I sort of jokingly said, Oh, I should come and give a talk and loosely.

Unknown 31:27
I don't know how can I be techniques? Why he doesn't have not crypto anything else? Right cryptography, the older digital word crypto. And getting it right, doing it in the software. And like when you connect Amazon or any other website, let TLS encryption stuff that happens actually getting the software right is spectacularly difficult. But what I've done is kind of put my faith in a slightly oblique reference to it earlier. But one of the funnier realities, the single post quantum cryptography How many of you here are experts are all about post quantum cryptography?

Unknown 32:18
I'll tell you something interesting in 10 minutes, it's a pretty big subject to examine. So your first reaction might be like, Oh, God, I don't want to return. You see what, you know, it's just a mess. Well, there is a lot of maths involved. But I'm not going to tell you about the maths because we haven't had petitions for that. So what is this about? Well, I'll tell you what, it's not to start with what is what are we really against the BBC, that kind of kicks off the time usually in the post quantum cryptography. What is not? Well, the word quantum kind of gets overused a lot these days. And there's a lot of things that have the word quantum settled in the debate exam questionable. But it's not that quantum crypt analysis is the use of a quantum computer to break other people's cryptography stuff. Right? So let's imagine you've invented a quantum computer and you can now do magical things like great. That's quantum crypt analysis. It's not that it's not quantum key distribution. This is using wacky physics to get a secret from A to B, without a fee, meaning observe in transit, or if it doesn't get observed somehow gets disturbed if it doesn't arrive. So this is the use of quantum effects in physics to distribute secrets and this comes on satellites up in space and stuff and wacky physics. I don't understand. It's not that practical. Typical typical unfortunates as a word contract has been picked up to have appropriated by the marketing department have lots of other organisations. So for example, my dishwasher has constant power. It's definitely not that there's a lot of other crap that's caught up in April, you know, whatever, it's probably not. So what it is, you have to break it down and switch the words around to understand what this means. So what it is, it's cryptography that actually works on your normal laptop or your phone. So you don't need the quantum computer itself or rather more violent than normal, just a normal computer like you've got. I mean, this isn't broken or rendered useless, after that's why the prefix post comes from. So it isn't rendered useless after somebody invents a call. Consequently, to that actually works. So there's the so called cryptographically, relevant quantum computer. And so consequently, that has gotten up to bits, and error correction and all the other physics problems that have evolved to actually do something useful, for example, to break cryptographic systems that we use today. And that's a risk that will only take 15 years is what actually happened. Most of the cryptography we use today, particularly the size of the public key cryptography that we use to secure things like TLS endpoints or internet is basically underpinned by certain hardware and political problems. One of them is to multiply multiply numbers is easy. So what are you up to today, you can multiply two numbers and get the answer. Easy peasy really, really fast. Going the other way, is really actually quite difficult. So for example, taking a big number, and say, What two numbers multiply together. So to compute the prime factors of a big number turns out to be hard, especially if there's only two of them. And they're both prime numbers. And that's the mathematical problem that underpins the crypto system called RSA, which is used a lot still. In real life, the number you're trying to vectorize is really, really big. It's like 1000 digits, or something, or in binary, it's 4096 bits or something like that, you'll hear these numbers floating around. strict about cryptosystem is 4096 bits or something. So that's a really hard problem. The problem is if somebody invents a quantum computer that as an actual works, somewhere in the future, that problem becomes easy, like trivial. And suddenly, all the cryptography all the public key cryptography based on RSA, and some other system analysis, the same systems could be the two curves, all of it breaks instantly. So that's the mathematical Genie, it's going to be a cryptographic bottle for want of a better advantage of the picture. Once the genies out the bottle, obviously be lucky. But once I say an elliptic curve gets broken, it's broken, the normal thing can do about it. So we need new cryptographic algorithms that will be able to work but not be broken by a currently fictional quantum computer. So what's telling me on how to do this? Well, basically, it's the breakup with crypto algorithms, there is a competition going on being administered by NIST, the National Institute of Science and Technology in America standards, standards and technology NIST, a rather than this process, this competition, where they started with about 60 algorithms were put into the competition that 10 years ago, and they sort of whittled them down, right, the Bake Off, one gets eliminated every six months or something, and they wouldn't put them through these rounds of competition. And we come down to about five left, and we're throwing around four. And then there's another competition starting to another 16. That's coming in next up, but we're down to the kind of bottom five of these algorithms that might become standardised next year, or actually this year. And because it's, it's because it's the, it's not the Bake Off, it's the great American baking show, which is the US Bake Off, but basically, it's Bake Off with mathematicians, which doesn't sound like a particularly format random little piece as well. So there's this competition development of a quick version. And we're down to the final five at the moment for the first kind of set of algorithms that are going to be standardised and these rely on some hair raising mathematics which just doesn't know about and I gotta understand neither but you know, it's it's really wacky maths, but if you couldn't see them in software is now a big deal and getting it right and we're starting to go out this stuff. And the some of the things when is it happening lots of us right now. We've got to get this stuff standardised and implemented and deployed, which for an organisation like AWS is a big serious thing because we've run a lot of computers that lots of infrastructure but actually deploying things for the whole world is a pretty massive endeavour. All the web browsers have to be updated all that everything in your flat to a whole, all the computers have to get this all tweaked on how to do it. So it's going on now, so that in 10 years time, things will be okay. Should this quantum computer break everything. So if you want to try the glasses, you probably would know some of you might have heard something from the signal protocol, which is a secure multi party messaging protocol, which is used because underneath well signal you might not have heard of, but I bet you've heard of WhatsApp and inside WhatsApp and by the simple protocol, and I can't make it switched on by default. But in WhatsApp now there is what's called a hybrid post quantum crypto scheme being used in a key establishment. So you might believe who uses this. So very long post quantum cryptography is and with that, I'm Shut up all the time.

Unknown 40:13
Good evening, everyone. My name is Pascal. I am the co director, not tonight only but it's one of my multi hat. I'm the co director of the bass blockchain innovation group. So we are a group of researcher and academics at the University of Bath interested in blockchain innovations. So anything about blockchain technology, so bit of cryptography, obviously. So in token omics, this is where we are interesting. And also, we're interested in how we can help companies and organisation either natively digital, like Bitcoin or Aetherium, or Solana or Kedah know and help them with their algorithm or computational problem. Or as you know, more companies more web to what we call web two companies. With a million they like to investigate what blockchain is about our NFT or anything related to supply chain management could help them in their operational. So here's what we're doing. I don't think I have forgotten anything. So we are that is about 40. Researcher academic has already the group. So as I said, from different academic fields, we got people in math in conside. Economics, School of Management and even psychology when we investigate peer review of retailer for example, investors. So there's a lot of blockchain as we see it, as we, we assume it is now. It's a lot. It's a cross discipline. And we think of UCS that will have an impact with quantum computing in the near future with AI is already here nowadays. And all this technology will match at some point. So it's not dependency, I will not fix everything. But I think in the next couple of years, it will become more relevant. So if you have any question about what we're doing, if you are a small SMEs, we are very interesting. If you have a programme, problem or challenge an idea and you'd like to investigate, we'd like to hear from you. So please, let's connect and we will be in touch. We will try to organise an event To in April, when we have the organisation and we will showcase also what we're doing and how we can help you in your in your problematic your challenge. So this is what we're doing. So if you have any question about later Yeah, anything about that? Excellent, excellent. That's lucky enough tonight we got one of the researcher in School of Management will fill in vectors and me what he's doing, his name is Mila. And he will tell you is that his research and he started our group Yes, I would love to stage the stage for you and just

Unknown 43:35
say this with American University, my name is chemical equation. So, if you get an iPhone with lots of applications of blockchain devices in the nonprofit sector, so, I started working on different projects in that domain shows is many years ago, it is not the first adopters of blockchain technology especially. But now modularization such as W. P. O follow C are working on projects such as tracking livestock and commodity or identity management and supply chain or invoice generation muscle those projects are limited scale by hyper efficient, but still very some kind of application of blockchain technologies and it's growing in that area. But the largest part of it that my research has mainly focused on the financial part of it, especially cryptocurrencies. So, just for you, that you may not be very aware of how cryptocurrencies are nonprofit sector is the first function is for the fundraising purposes, and you can get money from individuals and organisations that pay in the other ways for couldn't pay that much that they pay in crypto. And thirdly, when you do it, the other way is for the financial inclusion, which is a core for many of the sustainable development goals of the UN. We have to get in on the bank or unbanked population and the global stone currency for its specific features and logic said, solve the issue of provide the financial services for people. On transferring social early this is also another aspect of cryptocurrencies that many people, hundreds of new people rely on finding their relatives sent usually from the Western countries for them. And if you go to traditional systems, it's very inefficient, it is six, seven to 8% transaction fee, and also, some days or fees. Some of these will be to receive but Kryptos can solve that issue. And also, the concept of community currencies, if you're familiar with it, can be implemented much better when you're doing cryptocurrencies that if you have some successful examples, so in the remaining time is that maybe two minutes away to kind of my main kind of researches, factors contributing industry to chow certainly cryptocurrency or token can become more attractive for donors and in the case of fundraising, so a focus does Medicaid to pay for Ukraine's largest fundraising, happens in the futures currencies and really excited today's rationalisation of Ukrainian heltah. Ukraine is actually the first few days and weeks that the new financial services where aids are not being received. That was several million dollar just this certain campaign collected around $80 million just in the past. NFP is only two You Tube. And then there were some other Ukrainian campaign. So, there are factors that we identified and we collected lots of data on transaction level but also on the market capitalization price and also we shared the full transaction history of every donor. And we found that the first and the biggest contributor is the market capitalization of the price that makes it more favourable the second largest was the age the more free tools have been marketed, more favourable to owners, how early layers, game advantages, the third was transaction being made it just in the form of the transaction will be integral it's

Unknown 48:35
so obviously, the hardest thing to do because it pushes

Unknown 48:40
on your shoulder, which for example goes it goes on, I tell you are much more expensive for you to make a transaction compared to something so the last the fourth one was ledger, frequently the stable coin will not donors favour stable coins or other ones. enforcing them, we also find that Kryptos that are more over time, or more favoured by donors, partly due to the portfolio management of doing this, it gets more and more sad focus on your own portfolio, so they become some other things.

Unknown 49:42
If you read the press, and even in Kryptos in jail, are making up people obviously the one that went IPO that made up the CIO, they actually people in TV didn't exist to get funding. There's a very negative press. And so what I wanted to do was have that whatever you were just saying about contributing towards wars around actually helping the unbanked is not in the mainstream conversation, is it? Because for crypto for me, it was always why do we need anonymous online money unless you're a criminal? That was his big pitch. When Bitcoin was a door I didn't mind. I worked. I worked in the payments industry about today. It was all very excited. But all PowerPoint dodgy it felt quite risky. It felt quite shady. Because he did that was an error. Catch it was all my cash was its pitch wasn't it? And cash was always like how you do transactions that are a bit dodgy.

Unknown 50:32
We started with Silk Road. Yeah. The first time you hear about it, but Bitcoin and Silk Road? Yes. So yes, was not cheap. But it was super interesting. And I thought they said why is a bad is using this this type of new money? Maybe there's some things that we don't know. Yeah. So So I said, well, so they were clever. You know, there's something I don't know, I like to know. So this is what the first time I've interesting, but as as you might my first thought like, Oh, that's too dodgy, don't touch. And if you anyone could mean you know, to create, you know, a bit you could make money or Bitcoin, you know, on your PC, it was easy. It was easy. You could you could do it. And you will have to go into a kind of peer to peer and exchange, you know, some some some stream of cash. So so so it was super fascinating. I didn't do it also, because I was also risk adverse. And so it was very dodgy. But I really like it. And then we see already kind of up and down in the heart and down of the market. So I didn't play for a long time.

Unknown 51:42
You've got major banking organisations.

Unknown 51:45
Yeah, yeah. So because now it's got an ETF, maybe 11 ETF now was so but I see the institutions that don't really care about the volatility of maybe I'm wrong. So don't take my word for it and ask for a proper researcher. But the volatility is I really don't care when you institution, your business is to pay commission. So if you're investing in us come mostly from us, and they're not sure but the American economy I don't know why I think still solid economy, but if they want to vote for Trump, and there is something that they don't understand or they don't grasp, there is something wrong there. So they're panicking so for them as in Bitcoin or any crypto asset for for them. So for you so ETF, so we come back to ETFs. So we take the commission, they don't care if it's, you know, it could be any anything that just takes the commission to the business. So as it says, why does it matter for them? Yes. So looking at it is not important to them

Unknown 52:42
a Bitcoin so you want to ask the questions you have some opinions do you have some cryptocurrency yourself? Any thoughts?

Unknown 52:51
What are some crypto was a bit of wallet What do you have?

Unknown 53:01
Take a minute to creation, just as a fun experiment suggests that you want your speaking, intense worth now and it's like $1 or something like it's not really like the crazy highs and lows of other currencies, because it's not attracted. That kind of highly speculative thing more used as a vehicle. minting works

Unknown 53:38
I was just wondering, so, you know, baseline knowledge very low, where this question is coming from. But are people still like actively mining? And these the environmental impact? Still as great as it was? Because that was what was in the process? Obviously, everyone's really focused on sustainability now. Yeah, that was just one of those problems.

Unknown 54:06
Well, yeah, I mean, the proof of work consensus mechanism is like the core of that electricity consumption, the other consensus mechanisms are less likely is the consumer. So, now, many of the Kryptos are changing the mechanism to some more environmental friendly such as, for example, Italy, was in the process, I think now they are over with moving to proof of steak and and that is that consumes much less energy. Indeed, there are assumed some benefits of proof of work and because it's more secure, to be more precise, and also it's more democratic. So if you go to proof of stake is more kind of like a capitalism. So those who have more money, they're gonna get richer through the whole, like building block and confirmation on the blocks and so on. So many people are ascending not in favour of it, but due to increase in price of the energy and things I believe that more and more of blockchains are moving toward doors more environmental friendly, but still the major cryptocurrency is Bitcoin that has more than $1 the market cap of Bitcoins, by now is close to 1 trillion I guess it's less but it's almost equal to the rest of the other cryptocurrencies combined. And that probably gonna say on proof of work and that

Unknown 55:48
was proof of work.

Unknown 55:52
So it's like all the miners have to compete for solving some crypto cryptography problem and in order to build a block and the one who wins it will get reward which is some bitcoin when you create

Unknown 56:14
mining so business like any any university or when your business there we go for the lower cost in its energy related. So at the beginning mine were mostly in China and we're going to be using the monsoon or hydropower to enter we're moving to the mining or the farms to to the procedurally power station to just to low cost in terms of energy. After there was some differences in between miners and political China so they have to move the mining in satellite countries like Kazakhstan as a country like that. Some migrate in us, but it's something we should know that for example, Texas, we don't know but it's greenhouses in California, in New York, California, New the winter with snow to Texas is greener than in many aspect than California. So they go to mix of energy like here in Britain, they've got a mix of energy from solar, some wind some different stuff. So now what's happening for the mining so yes, they're still using a lot of energy, but they manage to regulate the energy coming in with different as I say, different sources. As the making almost net zero because they will hit, they will transform the heat coming from the computers into into carbon. capture this kind of stuff. So they, they see themselves now we're doing some kind of arbitrage digital arbitrage. So it's the kind of the new thing. So as a stream to mind. So

Unknown 58:04
one succinct answer for each of you. Why do we need crypto in our world? One each and you have one, one vote? What What's the benefit? Because obviously, some of us have a bit of fun. You talked a little bit about it. And what is the one reason why crypto is game changing? Important? You take a lot of power. It's very geeky. It's gamified. It feels a bit inaccessible. What is each shop? Why do we need crypto

Unknown 58:27
came on after the financial crisis.

Unknown 58:34
In crypto, what impact is it having to offer? Well?

Unknown 58:39
Could you make the distinction in that answer between the perceived values of blockchain as opposed to the camera?

Unknown 58:55
So just a quick answer, because people believe it as money.

Unknown 59:04
I think it's I think it's not going to go back. Why should you trust back now to that in the pocket? So you are you own? You know, we said

Unknown 59:25
you can create your own money? Why not? We can be the bank? You can be your own bank? Why not? Why don't we why giving that swellings out to another institution? So party when you

Unknown 59:38
needed to? Could it help you unpack which is a global issue? Is that that means in a way that it's giving money to help UK? Sorry, I don't know How about how about it easier that you know, if there is also an arm of how we move away from the big banks, but banking and finance.

Unknown 59:59
So you're right here in the western world is very difficult to accept it and to cooperate on this. But when you are in a different country like you're in Africa or as a part of the world is another another matter

Unknown 1:00:10
that it's having an impact on the unbanked and

Unknown 1:00:15
definitely

Unknown 1:00:19
it's being used for like faster financial transactions between the bank transfer let's say you want to transfer some money from pound to yen instead of changing them to dollar then from DOLLAR YEN you just change a pound to the equivalent the XRP and cents immediately in the XIV systems for two yen. You don't pay a transaction fee from pound to dollar and dollar.

Unknown 1:00:46
Absolutely before a lot of crypto currency and blockchain stuff is happening that we don't see. No blockchains in SQL, Microsoft SQL Server. We don't see that. So there's it is best only because it isn't all well, we don't see it. But like it was for a long time without being told about it. Lots of hlt expertise existed for a long time. Yes, they didn't ask if we need to kind of move away Get inspired Daily Mail at the moment isn't about blockchain or crypto or any other questions go apparent.

Unknown 1:01:13
It's not clear crunches Warren Adams back is that actually the donations made by blockchain multiple crypto currencies are much higher than they are in currency in some of them, you can touch that I've got my pocket

Unknown 1:01:34
in my bank account.

Unknown 1:01:36
And then my younger generation as well. So one of the benefits of cryptocurrencies is that people the younger generation are giving more and that gives them those repositories. So that that might be I mean, the ILI takes large seven figures every year in crypto currency in donations. So there are organisations out there why because people are giving and if they're doing if you're going to take from somebody you need someone to donate to you, and you have to have Kryptos that opportunity, because if you don't know they're not why they listed why are people paying in crypto? Because then one of the things they found is that there is the the sense of who Oh, it's gone up really quickly. I've made a lot of money I should do something good with it. Okay, so there's this sense of burned out. You try it and then suddenly Wow, it's got let me stop. And say you give a bit of that way to, to kind of solve your option.

Unknown 1:02:40
That's exactly one of the reasons but in order to add, it's also a way of tax rebates. So in order to first transform your crypto to fiat currency, you have to first pay capital gains tax. But if you pay if you donate cryptocurrency, it's considered as assets. So you get rid of that capital gains tax, and you can get tax rebate from that. And many individuals, and especially organisations and corporations do that. Another motivation is that crypto moguls and executives and blockchain executives, they donate their own crypto in order to pump the value of their crypto, but as a nonprofit, you welcome any kind of resources.

Unknown 1:03:26
Any other questions?

Unknown 1:03:36
Time for unity Foundation,

Unknown 1:03:39
which is a charity, and I just wondered whether prefer would exclude the smaller charities who are going into meetings to exceed the currency,

Unknown 1:03:48
or even particularly number one, this?

Unknown 1:03:53
Is the plan just getting over there.

Unknown 1:03:56
Yeah, I mean, in order to be able to raise funds through Kryptos, you don't really need to be a large charity, you just need to set up vallot. That's totally free. And you just give the address of that valid to your donors. And preferably, you're going to have valid on different blockchain platforms and Aetherium and things. You can only do that with one, one app. So for example, let's say you instal Exodus, and you have a valid on your own. And there you can have different valid addresses for different kinds of blockchains for Bitcoin one address, but I tell you, and it just announced that on your website, just give it to the donors that they want. And you get the money through that those apps are connected to the exchanges. So you can like automatically, indeed, kind of transform it to fiat currency. So larger charities indeed work with third party platforms, and so they don't get themselves involved in crypto, it's

Unknown 1:05:15
a question? If you have a transaction?

Unknown 1:05:18
Why would you use blockchain instead of replicating data?

Unknown 1:05:26
Well, part of it is that

Unknown 1:05:28
you don't want the other party you don't usually

Unknown 1:05:38
require why would you use blockchain to those transactions?

Unknown 1:05:43
Okay, so let's say you want to sell your house to me. Do you trust me to sign the contract and give the before I send the money? Or do I trust you to send the money before you sign the contract? Usually, you need a third party, that third party is not efficient yet.

Unknown 1:06:05
Definitely, because his certificates that need to be exchanged, but just the normal transaction.

Unknown 1:06:16
For bank transfer, yeah,

Unknown 1:06:17
not a bank transfer. I'm buying something from you.

Unknown 1:06:24
A nice trustee.

Unknown 1:06:26
What do they find a big because they said house you said that to be so there is a threshold. I agree with you that but because

Unknown 1:06:35
this is a lot of people would say blockchain is everything because immutable, but there are certain situations where it's overkill. You don't need to go to that level.

Unknown 1:06:48
I totally agree with you. There is a big hype towards blockchain. And many of the applications are really not needed. You will be better off if you have a centralised database, just centralise big player. And then everyone else's was replicated.

Unknown 1:07:00
So they can each

Unknown 1:07:03
have the records. For us,

Unknown 1:07:09
absolutely.

Unknown 1:07:12
Just ask a question about the post quantum cryptography. I was fascinated because I'm one of the websites with the certificates when they do they change. What happened last time is that a lot of mobile phones, older devices, just couldn't use that system and don't get it's not gonna happen as well. When that happens.

Unknown 1:07:32
It might happen if we get the roll up, right? And we do it over over two years. He doesn't invent a quantum computer in five years, as opposed to 10 or 15, we could probably get it all rolled out in place.

Unknown 1:07:50
But does it require more processing power to

Unknown 1:07:53
performance is a big deal. There's lots of work about making these things, these new algorithms, not slower but more controlled. Now, patiently, there's also also choir format is sometimes because there's so for example, the keys and certificates associated with the post quantum algorithms and signatures are much bigger than they are with ecdh ECDSA. There's just so there's a concern about that particular video is slightly more expensive to transmit, and the computation time to compute these things. So there's a lot of work on that going on. And some of these algorithms have different parameter sets. So that's kind of a slightly less secure one, it's quicker, and generators data.

Unknown 1:08:39
There's a really high power, high skill,

Unknown 1:08:41
they have these different versions or sets of parameters that you can choose. Hopefully, fingers crossed, it'll be all right. And I don't call it torture any more than that.

Unknown 1:08:56
ASICs Yeah, that's the question. A lot of what you're saying you're saying right now is events. And you're hoping there will be a certain period of time away from how often

Unknown 1:09:18
are you seeing anyone who doesn't say increasingly things, presumably they're getting started telling us what to do in relation to invention in multiple qubits. government standards have been written about it. I simply don't know. What happens if you That's why we are doing

Unknown 1:10:03
quantum computers so powerful would it not change the world and quite possibly the most important thing

Unknown 1:10:24
is around to die which all the good to doing nothing of interest as far as we can tell and stuff coming from a DUI, which also been wonderful incredible technology but then they don't actually solve very interesting problems or interesting bonds for a very small set of people. So a general purpose quantum computer can do everything wonderful we're just not sure if it's going to be able to do everything or whether there will be quantum theory is good at doing just one particular thing and problems

Unknown 1:10:59
fine question gold

Unknown 1:11:01
again everyone has to work to fix the currencies

Unknown 1:11:06
coping with the false positive trading which

Unknown 1:11:13
I can be described is the coin going to survive

Unknown 1:11:17
and create the world

Unknown 1:11:27
I think there are some walk on video wherever this possibility definitely some will not survive for sure. Some men survive but we don't know again we don't know enough about quantum computer so it could be scary there's no secret no bank secret whatever you you you know if God says no, what's the one thing I didn't

Unknown 1:11:52
believe is true is that the the core of the classical hash algorithms and the crash course the classic symmetric block cyphers particularly as we believe they are okay with respect to quantum computing. Yes. So short term chartway

Unknown 1:12:13
Yes

Unknown 1:12:17
everything totally the public key systems they get when combined socialistic assures that the public wants computers elliptic curve and I say as sharp as we believe on Okay, so that's probably good that really

Unknown 1:12:32
participate

Unknown 1:12:52
interested to work

Unknown 1:12:58
where are you best so far? Okay, fine. So we have funding schemes

Unknown 1:13:03
for universities which rounds out

Unknown 1:13:13
so we had it for September for privacy checks

Unknown 1:13:28
other content creators as well? Why not change our hair? A lot of focus at the moment on Joseph DiMaggio children's stuff Why don't you just call us that national borders responded calls happened seven times a year until the exchange strike is different from your Yeah, we weren't in the moment funding Bristol

Unknown 1:14:02
cryptography group but listen to those

Unknown 1:14:05
Dynamis tation stuff it's called the Amazon Research Institute. Google the Amazon research awards, so I can look

Unknown 1:14:25
for the next round.

Unknown 1:14:39
Don't mean to be honest.

Unknown 1:14:46
There was no debate We

Unknown 1:14:52
all take on the challenges as always to everyone around us and as a crypto I'm in the camp of Warren Buffett

Unknown 1:15:10
never hooked into the

Unknown 1:15:17
blockchain it is very clear people lost its entire set

Unknown 1:15:27
which is like a normal world you don't know.

Unknown 1:15:34
I was approached by Google back in 2012 considered one of the very first things that I tried to get them done and I still haven't yet covered that. I know that I remember what kind of you know several 100,000 what they're doing now. Technology for automotive industry blockchains spread round Okay, so because it spews out data which has to be secured and the answer that question about blockchain basics or is it actually comes from it's a security that actually opposition to the lie that the higher the money the rest of it need to be able to

Unknown 1:16:21
muster capital on talking about a question about the charities it's not

Unknown 1:16:36
okay

Unknown 1:16:43
yes No

Unknown 1:16:52
Okay, so here's a joke

Unknown 1:17:05
we go I know I know, I know. Something happened with Southern dialect going toe to toe. And when they get excited, and before the concert, it's so

Unknown 1:17:38
bad. It's like trying to calm him down the difference between

Unknown 1:17:46
the thing always gets me started. I mean, it was mixed up in the blockchain was never without any oil. And what the question was, which is why I want to make a distinction of blockchain. For you, the benefit is,

Unknown 1:18:08
we're interested in blockchain as well. And that's

Unknown 1:18:11
what we're what we're going to be able to eventually try to stream to Facebook so of course, don't try to insensitive. So, not only is this content and data, your family has different audiences. So everything from the driver to the company to joining me. As I will distinguish somebody from the machine or something else's children through the blockchain the blockchain is also to a level other than the actual process of

Unknown 1:19:11
holding the transaction, it's really certainly much more than that I have worked in the management information systems.

Unknown 1:19:28
The challenge was not in getting clever technology to produce really useful information. I was selling reasonable amount of time to lead by the Trump intelligence. I walked away The first

Unknown 1:19:57
use was not the technology

Unknown 1:20:00
30 years ago excellence in management

Unknown 1:20:14
or if they take the easy way out and let the tool do the work for them to recognise the danger

Unknown 1:20:19
that's really

Unknown 1:20:23
what matters as soon as that

Unknown 1:20:27
right well

Unknown 1:20:29
because people didn't know that was

Unknown 1:20:36
like using your phone

Unknown 1:20:45
last

Unknown 1:20:58
okay so we're working on identity wrap right

Unknown 1:21:25
in this setting here look at something

Unknown 1:21:36
so we'll have fun

Unknown 1:21:51
What's up to

Unknown 1:22:15
work

Unknown 1:22:23
you have

Unknown 1:22:33
it first semester

Unknown 1:22:41
we visited a lot of crime

Unknown 1:22:52
I'm exposed

Unknown 1:23:06
to take don't

Unknown 1:23:19
know how to

Unknown 1:23:27
say what's

Unknown 1:23:45
up you ready for the show

Unknown 1:24:05
reference so, the direct current appliance

Unknown 1:24:16
also makes it easy

Unknown 1:24:28
you

Unknown 1:24:40
all right take a time

Unknown 1:24:49
out I'm excited to be here like your friends plan in

Unknown 1:24:57
place for you to drink

Unknown 1:25:04
tonight

Unknown 1:25:14
right what's your favourite way to tell because it's possible to get a critical mass

Unknown 1:25:37
a lot of things like that but you have to worry about video injection when somebody gets the video and injects it into it

Unknown 1:25:52
Are you your face

Unknown 1:26:11
of all it's a very interesting thing for me

Unknown 1:26:39
so

Unknown 1:26:49
guys when I talk to you

Unknown 1:27:07
so while

Unknown 1:27:15
the programme is exploiting the energy that you have to put

Unknown 1:27:33
out over the world

Unknown 1:28:04
so the image of God just use the blockchain so

Unknown 1:28:17
I actually have changes as the last website on this

Unknown 1:28:28
is true

Unknown 1:28:33
this isn't people like

Unknown 1:28:45
that we've

Unknown 1:28:55
got to stop off

Unknown 1:29:21
what's up check it out

Unknown 1:29:49
name is When you join a company wanted to design work for themselves everyone and welcome back to my channel

Transcribed by https://otter.ai