Unknown 0:00
and textile trouser, whatever you want. So you have cotton that is produced. People are finishing like fabrics. Manufacture I continue to trouser, you're going to gap you're going to h&m, Zara, whatever you want. You have a trouser and then after that when you have consumed it when you don't want it you send it back for example to you send it to a charity that will resell it if it's possible to resell it is a second cause consumer send it back to charity maybe the charity can actually have the service provider don't have to call it we use the unusable trouser to make it as a route for like wiping down tables. Sam when he won't be news anymore. It can be used as an insulation material like this you actually instead of having only one use of the coat on your that people use of the same product. When you question

Unknown 1:04
what is the kind of perfect balance between new things being produced versus how much stuff is

Unknown 1:11
was relating perfect balance between the two of you? It's actually we don't need to we use that system to balance but obviously you can also see it as more using biobased materials instead of like if you look at here for example, cotton with maybe less than tact not so good and as a lesson may have less than tax on polyester or using axes for example. Because you will be used futures are getting cooked on us well compared to traditional farming cotton. So we also defence of impact. So he's also what you have to figure out as well. And then we develop your business and your ID is to develop as well potentially a lifecycle assessment of your product to see where you can walk and all those kind of things that we want to build today and he has a question

Unknown 2:13
so every programme can be an opportunity. So always put our way so much of the food produced is lost or wasted.

Unknown 2:25
The last six degrees or so 40%

Unknown 2:27
or 2% was you're in different business or you

Unknown 2:34
know, we scrapped that idea. Okay.

Unknown 2:41
Well, there's different sources associated they are is 30% 31% wasted. So you have 20 for some ways to come to value chain into supply chain and individual some other consumer waste, but every programme can get unfortunately as well. So you may know those two different apps to be to an Oreo. It's actually the way to lead or to reduce the waste of food waste actually as well, to a different way. So every problem can be unfortunately so if you don't find your problem, as well, among circularity, you can also try to develop an opportunity or business as long as a European private costs and driving. Annual on average, several 100 hours, no one presentation only difference between only changing the dials to

Unknown 3:43
1% 2% Okay.

Unknown 3:53
2020 Okay, it's minus 15 Five with the full 13 and this will be

Unknown 4:07
only spent 5% of the time driving. But there's also lots of things that you can consider to count calories and really expensive assets when you will be business owner and you will have a fleet of car or it's nice that will be an important asset for your company. But it will be an expensive asset but not an important asset needs. So you also want to see driving as much as possible. But a European car and LGBT accounts as some of you may have. We spent 5% of its time driving one person sitting congestion, especially in bus at 5pm on language and one person took his time looking for coffee, because that's the average. What is also most importantly interesting is it's parked 92% of the time. So why should we be park it's 20 35,000 pound asset why should we let parking 90% 92% of the time of the car. So why actually we're trying to develop business ID and empty and developing alternative to car use. So why not developing like why not renting the car from your neighbour that's the idea of cash as a senior as well. average car cars by person but focus on five occupants into car your journey. But you must have the time only 1.5 people per trip. So actually why not sharing when you go for like short or long distance? Why not like doing that capture when you're developing a system that can actually allow making some money on the side sometimes that allow cashiering so I don't know if anyone has ever used blood by car. It's not really popular in the UK to be popular in France for example. I've used it a lot when I was a student like I was brilliant. You go you have to go from point A to point B you have no train solution is like it was a third of the training. It was like 10 pound for example to go to 200 kilometre so it was taking some time into training was my first choice. So yes, there's also a different business opportunity and if you can unlock the business behind it as well. So it is one last question in Europe what percentage of demolition materials are going to landfill? And you need

Unknown 6:46
Okay, NAD high 90s and it is

Unknown 6:52
okay you can't build with waste much anymore. Is it gonna be pretty did agregar

Unknown 6:57
It depends. Yeah, when he defends he will see it as an example. Any ideas? Well, 54% of dimensioned materials are landfilled. Some countries are better than some countries only do like 6% I think that's country on the most is a one more season is a month and maybe the Nordic country as well. Why is this because they have no space for lunch. So is that booster locking circuit? I couldn't get into this an answer. I have no space for them feeds no space actually. Too many people in the short term. So you have to find like ideas have to develop a new business model must matter also unsuitable for recycling because they contain like toxic element can be Makary that can be anything but some company I've also found out the entire value chain cool. But what is an installation materials is a workflow. So same app down the water supply chain. So like post like back and forth I would say as I look at the price of the raw materials increases like it's I don't know how much yes they can in the last few years but the price of raw materials increasing. We can't keep up because we can't put it down to our customer. So price so how can we find like new stream of materials when they realised actually also ones that is going to landfill of ours that is going to match the what if we were diverting it to put it back into a matter they've already been transformed? is already is still in good use because it can't take water. We won't take water so we won't degrade. It's the wrong one degrade? So what if we really want to capture this waste stream and put it back into our materials to make new installation? So that's what I've developed in terms of what he calls a programme called Rock Cycle. Whereas a diverse actually once there is destruction of demolition materials they diverts work and they send it back to the factory separated clean it is less expensive for some because they don't have to pay at like 1600 people or whatever. So that's also a new opportunity for a negative already existing business to review some of the holes that are already into that position. And question

Unknown 9:35
sorry, I just had a quick question about the previous car concept is the hope then that car production overall goes down and more people car share.

Unknown 9:45
That would be an ideal solution

Unknown 9:47
because otherwise, the way I interpreted it was that the cars would be driving more instead of less which seems counterintuitive to

Unknown 9:55
me, people about your carbon footprint per person will diminish. So there is a whole question who should be changed to electric vehicles? Is this the most suitable way to reduce the carbon emission around the world? But if everyone that has the diesel engine goes to electric vehicles, so it's not that much because there's different types of emissions that are also emitted from an electric vehicles. But I think actually if you have like less cars, you have less congestion and you have less carbon emission. So that was yeah, it was a question for good. Sorry. Nobody's going to the essence of the business. Canvas. Has anyone ever seen a business model canvas or what the business model canvas? Yes, yes. So it will be just a reminder for you and then we will dive into the rest of the session on this model that you have here and we can work together and try to pass two different teams. So we have some office today

Unknown 11:19
that's got some who asking too much.

Unknown 11:34
Speaker Alex to try again. Anywhere for the SEC as well. Maybe you

Unknown 11:58
asked me because I took it from my account. I don't know why.

Unknown 12:09
We have no sound to the sound because it's really meant to be for

Unknown 12:18
creation is okay, well you will have sorry for this. We send you them can rewatch the video after I will just show you maybe actually just starting to see just it's interesting

Unknown 12:44
we move on because it's not one Okay. Then let's go to the website. So globally, you have like nine within blocks for Business Model Canvas when we look at the circular one button. So we've used the nine building blocks with the value proposition customer relationship, customer channel, customer segments of business so that's what's been looking at your customer side. And what you have to do to attract customer who is your customer understands this. You have in TBEX a key activity key resources key partner. So that's the backstage of your business model. So is that with producing or providing us services as well? What are your resources to make your business viable and attractive as well for like investor and what also do activities. Then at the bottom you will have the cost picture so much does it cost you to market produce whatever and then also the revenue stream on natural to sell products to be able to be profitable as well. So those are the nine basic building blocks on the circular one, sustainable one you can check it out but you can lose interest in a book. You also look at the social and number positive of the business, which can be linked to also the revenue stream because it can be an attractive point for your customer, for example, and the social environmental negative of your business. So you have to balance between the two suddenly get to my D or so is that which I have an example of this one but somebody gets it might be that you put people out of job. That's also when you get two points. You also have to find a tentative to reduce many of the skills as people if you've got all information for example, in your business where two people are not really positive, less, less costs but not really positive. So a simpler Business Model Canvas so nobody will combine between what is the business model canvas and what is circular economy and sustainability and circular Business Model Canvas we can use this definition as well. Business modelling describes the rationale of an organisation it doesn't capture value while meeting the needs of the present without compromising the ability of future generation to meet our needs to see the two parts of business and sustainability and as a way of looking at the business model canvas of a circular one. So we identified 11 building blocks of your business model as a key fob. See we will help you can you have fun as well. You have to discipline is key activity of do you do it? What do you need as well as a key resources. Value Proposition? What do you do? It's most important customer relationship of the interact with them. Customer channel of the rich and customer segments. What do you have and can they help? Can you actually capture data and information from your customers that you have on your the use of your product for example to help you to develop better product but for them thought about before the most there's a lot of company at house doing this to try to actually capture is not only selling tomatoes also capturing information for you to make a better product. structure for the test. revenue stream Are you financially profitable sales? One production was so quiet you can see I mean what was the key let me get you the impact you have on people and planet. Any questions is so inefficient, no are good. So how do we ensure circularity in the business? So you can see as your business as well, but you can also rotate it like that. So your partner become your customer. That's one of the searches on the way to see as I should see as well here. If your customer can help you so glad that you're here. Can we capture the value of your customer instead of just sending if you can recapture the values that's also a way to ensure circularity then after that is your business model is where you will this what you will do that will also issue enable sharing economy for example. It's one way also to enhance surprise

Unknown 17:37
and I want to stay criticals

Unknown 17:41
because it from day one time you have to spend here is a cost for a company. Well I'm not sure your time per hour is your spent here. Yeah, but

Unknown 17:51
if I want to take over startup or something, in addition to my times the actual thing by

Unknown 17:59
different what you produce all what your business is. So a little bit depends. So if for example, your service company, your main costs, might be marketing might be to market yourself, market your services, be able to attract people. If you're also a service company you may need assets like a building or anything exists. So again, it's another cost. But the time was spent as a training is also a cost. There's also some significant costs. So

Unknown 18:27
you will have the cost at the later stage. Not from the beginning because you add up everything else.

Unknown 18:34
Well, I've been a user you don't really think about the cost of how much time you spent in training last time is going to vary like a piece of paper person exists. It's only when you become such you start to think okay, yeah, okay, I need to think about all the costs that are associated to my organisation. So we are the cost could be kind of way wage salary or you can be salaries, you can when you're in training we have to pay for anything that stops your company,

Unknown 19:07
of course, where we can have a full idea of everything. When you have promises. Yeah,

Unknown 19:14
this is a living document. So and this is not to give you the details of the budget, so check it out. I continue document, please to give it to me I contend to say like the Muse is six months we call you won't do it you will discuss with them that you won't do it yourself. But you won't do it yourself. So that makes sense. Yeah. Okay, good. So the point of it is, it's not just a checklist box it says document that was the secretary I just say it's a living document you should. It's a way of seeing your business. It's one of the way it's not the only one it's one two way of seeing your business. So don't see that just okay. I'm doing this checklist. So blockout related, so you asked me about the circularity. So if your customer can become a partner as well. Then you also learn circular. Usually you also see only when you go from a partner that produce a part for me sending the part to my guests customer. Then the can the customer go back and tell you actually this part was working really well. What's happened if we change this or whatever, we could change that. And the cost structure can be also related to the social, social environment or negative and delivery stream also be seen as a co sustainable positive seen as a revenue stream as well.

Unknown 20:51
Yes, so how is the cow How can the cost structure and social environmental negatives be conducted? And also revenue streams looking at the positives? Okay, give you like an example.

Unknown 21:05
So an example of four moons a positive if you show that you have a positive impact on the planet, the people you can also see it as well as a marketing possibility category so you can increase your revenue without doing too much actually because it's also the word of mouth. So once it's in terms of the cost structure, so for example, you can decide like I don't say that it's always increasing or decreasing. But in terms of like, for example, if you decide to use the worst supply over producing in the country with like, no, it takes nothing like this. You will reduce the cost but then you also have to think that through or may have a bigger impact on the planet and so you'd be reduce your cost of producing position for you something if you follow if you bring it on. Staff systems your country or North Korea or using additional funds example. You will reduce the cost of production but you may increase the impact on the planet. So you may have big impact on the planet as well. I don't say it's always like have an impact on positive on the customer. You make more you increase your cost or decrease your cost at the same time you may increase your impact. That makes sense. Yes. It is a question. Outside What was the last one that you really wanted to show you Yeah. So what you do with this. What you do with this circular Business Model Canvas is you want to be able to use it to tell your story to your investor, to the customer about your business. So you don't have to put all the details. Don't put your own budget because no one care unless you're like a shareholder of the company when you start to care but as always, you don't care ultimately, like have money to spend on the paper every day. So yeah, so you want to tell the big picture story on your business. That's mostly what you want to do this this type of document. So best practice on the business model canvas. So we've taken the example of Nespresso you know, since it's been 15 years, 20 years now, I don't know when they started a lot of bad press. On the aluminium capsule, on the coffee, and everything exists. They change the way we drink coffee as well. If you use one because you can only only one dose you don't have to go back to the coffee shop at five pounder coffee. You don't have to go back to have a big pot of coffee with Americans that is cold at some point. So you change the way we consume coffee. So if we look and it's also like an example where we can create a whole business model canvas as well. Put on what is needed to tattoo a big feature of your business into into into Canvas. So if we look at Nespresso, what do they produce? What do they do? They produce Nespresso machine, but the first things that are doing is they access to that customer. Their retail will also like customer segments, how you handle household and how you handle the season. That's what what is the revenue stream, one machine says and we are the key partner, machine manufacturer that's why it's simple. You don't need to know more. You can use visual on boards as well. So if you're more visual person, you can use visual to draw on your canvas for example. So that's what we've done as well. We've just added some visuals so manufacture the machine as a retail see offices are sold as a revenue stream. Use colour coding to actually not only produce the national but also produce the pellets. So they had a different customer channels. For example was a pots that use nespresso.com They are my elder care centre and those are also Nespresso stores. New confines Emerson retails, you can find them everywhere. That revenue stream is much more interesting for the toilet. Because your availability buzzers, you don't have to find a new customer every time you need for customer and that's also where you want to be with your businesses to rep cells. That cost structure marketing, b2c distribution prediction of both sides that was marketing that key partner coffee go key activities, marketing etc distribution prediction, very source patent coffee pollution facility, impact on the planet, social rental positive so recently we've done this a couple of years ago now. So career COVID Really fans as they have created factories minimum price power plants, also, let's say announced like they put on their website and a national made of 50% of recycled plastic, so you don't use as much raw virgin raw materials. To meet the same machine. And social amount of negative increase of the waste. Your machine produced that what we need we could have just a small like Marketo or haunted hub for example, and you have a creation of new waste stream Boston's a coffee and a young difficult to recycle difficult to separate. They just sort of sort of looked at things. Not everything has been captured and everything has been able to be recycled or to be reused but I have thought about this as well. So they have such you can bring back and forth to their stocks for example.

Unknown 27:16
Which is great because no one does.

Unknown 27:18
No one does but they offer but I suppose I was ready to wait because they can reuse that union referee sport, so they don't have to be and they can use a coffee to do something else. Don't create offence element on your business model. So try to link every details. So if you have like different business ideas different value proposition within your business, try to map one value proposition if you if you have too many. That is easy like you can read cannot read it on the on the canvas anymore. Use them as a canvas but don't get off and so try to see how they're linked. So if we look for the coffee grower, they produce coffee that sell into the Nespresso pods that are consumed by the customer segment. So repetitive posts for Nespresso. Nespresso as creatives as COVID really fun and they pay as a coffee grower as a minimum Fairtrade minimum price compliance. So go back actually to help as well, the coffee grower because it's some was a brand that may not do the Fair Trade minimum price compliance. They may not have created a committee or any fun during COVID. So it's all to help as well as other people. So just as partner, they don't have to do it. But they decided to do it was a good thing. That's what caused them to see. That's to do with creating also a new waste stream. So you can also say that well actually one of the partner could be the recycler that can separate everything. Does that make sense? Yes. Yeah,

Unknown 29:09
it's interesting what you said about this though, creating new a stream so they can have a partner that recycles. How come the circular Business Model Canvas doesn't create a segment almost forcing them to acknowledge this partner. Because like, this call that I'm seeing kind of starts from Fair Trade minimum price compliance, comes all the way around and still ends with the creation of a new a stream and what you said was really interesting, but there's I can't see where the canvas is asking them to create this. You

Unknown 29:39
could pretend was a key partner. Okay. Well, we'll be the person taking the coffee but can come from here. And you can have another partner saying we recycles the coffee pots and what they do with the aluminium for example. So the cookie you can reuse it for composting you can reuse it for like different. You have also some some some things that need to go out of your own boundaries at some point. Because you can't control everything. You need to define the boundaries as well. You can't control everything. If you have the coffee that is like wasted as that has been used. They can be reused. For example, for construction materials, you can maybe use for extraction of the chemical that leads to the need for example. So that that is at some point espresso will have to sell this to someone else. But you can also be used aluminium for example, to produce a machine. That makes sense. Yeah. I like to keep point to understand so if you have to show it for example, one day to one of your partners investor is highlight the key points. So what are the key points for an espresso efficient purchase? Did you focus on the boat? That's an important part for them. They don't focus on the machine. They focus on the part. They love their clients through the refugee pot. Sales. They have high hand clients who have a direct access to a client via multi channels. Some are focusing on one channels and recurring revenue. That's the most important part on the business. model. That makes sense. Any question?

Unknown 31:31
Good. So so with this circular business stuff, one of the things I'm struggling to work out how can you kind of get into that maybe you don't need to. That's the whole point is like so you have a lot of businesses that are trying to integrate this into the way they do business. So if you look at Coca Cola does recycling regime or muscles, most of them do, but the fundamentally selling bottled sugared water isn't relies on them is a better rating and on sustainable behaviour. And same for like h&m might start recycling but fundamentally fast fashion isn't just a general thing. So how do you I don't know sort of worry that you can use this to justify something as sustainable when fundamentally not that does

Unknown 32:21
that you have also different metrics different. So example of Coca Cola can be a public health problem at some point that may say like well actually you have to reduce your sugar in your Coca Cola. So the promise the same, so but as the business of Coca Cola has to send you to Coca Cola, yeah. So that was it. But after that, they also been pressed pushed by covalence by consumer plantigrade more, for example, recycling material, and not saying it's perfect. I'm not saying it's always possible to capture everything and not say you should use it to justify that your sustainability is you should not use it to justify that you may do something system evolves that is not just what you have to think about this type of thing as well. Was a question. No, I

Unknown 33:18
just wanted to echo the sentiment that I guess the bottom wrote to me kind of looks like an analysis of your social environmental action as opposed to a prompt to be more sustainable. But when you answered that, you can look at it as who is your key partner? That makes sense to me. So I guess it's a shame that the canvas doesn't show that more visually that it should be like your social environmental solutions to the cost. Yeah,

Unknown 33:44
so you can sort of we did about this course in 12 hours, usually. So that was actually 15 hours, because that was the first hours of support. We did about 12 to 12 hours after we have to add more hours of mentoring and discussion around different patterns. I will show you actually one one of the patterns of the circular business pattern for example, but it's a it was a 12 it still is because it's reusing Exeter, it's a 12 hours course along business model. So we try to condense in one hour, one and a half hour I think today for you that it's quite long. It has a lot of discussion because all the things that you've said is the kind of thing that okay, but can we actually if we do that we actually have an impact on the people. So if you automate everything in your factory, you put everyone out of job. You have reduced the cost, but it's not really good in terms of society, because no one bonus stuff. No one has money. So that's also a trade discussion. It's also part of the value of your business. See why you want to be serious about many of the metrics but you can see what you can show us well, I should show you mainly one of the business that came as well. They can not really but we work together no they come at the beginning but we've worked together as well. And after they also came to our course they also we do the website and what they shows us important because it shows the impact that they have on people to charity but it really shows the impact they are doing to people through that product on that website. Yeah, so when you do business on a canvas, and that's what we do we do soon. Yeah, we have to take that much time but yeah, we should do No, no some half an hour to do it. Actually. So, just to finish up quickly, circular business model patterns. Some research group have also looked at this. Look at Circular business patterns. You can go on the website it is resisting is called out to pi.eu circular also seeing signs on different parts of psychology news production. So and upcycle was also kind of a production secret sauce in cocoa totally remaking the conditioning on the youth accessing performance. So you can look and you can try to see as well for your own business where you want to me. So if we're looking at a circular sourcing, so switching away from finishing vessels to use of recycled material are vestido policies produced for that purpose. And sustainability is also a core value of the proposition so I will not read all the boxes. One of the companies that is from the University of Tennessee, which is a startup of the University of Dallas, called kelpy. Again, if you ever heard of this space and chemical engineering, you may have heard of Ken P Chem can engineering professor Chris Chuck is our CTO. So what they are pushed on without doing now is to take the plastic out of packaging by using seaweeds to make a new type of coating for the packaging actually and quite a lot of traction and interest and, and a lot of successes when we say provision. So this is actually more or less the Business Model Canvas as it was like maybe a couple of years ago. So yeah, that's where a lot that is just to catch you off what we've done that two years ago by knowing what they're doing and rising talking to them. So they have three different value proposition. The Greens in yellow and orange one. Sustainable compostable plastic made from seaweed supply of bio plastic or licencing of manufacturing technology and supply of catalyst because they have all the different things. One of the social norms or negative is that fewer, fewer jobs in single use plastic company because if you start to make everything from series the plastic producer will not be able to adapt themselves so they may go bust. So the kinds of technology may also destroy some segment sectors and distressed

Unknown 38:16
sectors, and they will impact the seaweeds as well.

Unknown 38:19
Seaweed isn't renewable resource that doesn't need land. Of the

Unknown 38:24
by the scale of the entire globe. If it's impacting the people who are working, single use plastic, then you are talking about the whole overall reduction of packaging which

Unknown 38:37
requires enough I would say see, yeah, that is so that's your tone. profile your system of business within Canvas. Now, we'll stay here for the next half an hour. And you can discuss so you have also posted Marco you can write directly onto step. Yeah, that's okay. And your question.

Unknown 39:06
Can you go to one of the slides just to help us? I mean, I think that's one of the questions What's so early very early on in each one. There's no about what each section should yeah, this one.

Unknown 39:30
Okay, this one? Yes.

Unknown 39:36
Can we get the slides? Okay, that's good.

Transcribed by https://otter.ai