Unknown 0:00
Thank you

Unknown 0:37
I don't have a business that I'm modelling but I was wondering if you do and if you do if you would like, talk me through your thinking to do it just because I think like your area of expertise is is really interesting. I might have to do a switcheroo. But I'm saying we'd

Unknown 0:52
love to premature so premature idea predicts disease which is

Unknown 1:06
which big cities was that

Unknown 1:18
people are moving to a lot of urbanisation where they just in the past house with garden beds and places where they would like their own gardens. Also from religious point of view, they their waist, which is not recycled as the level over here, but they are curious, having this protective, religious point of view. So my idea is taken off food, decompose it in a way for an a mobile garden that could be installed at home where they could put flowers or even so of course. The idea is to create that community between them when they could sell to each other, share with each other some knowledge information, but I can sell this device with it which you're supposed to be sure, it will be viable. Top my parcels are the households that mainly fatherless mothers because they are more related to this issue and fathers and they don't care about the others. For example. I'm sorry, we were like maybe

Unknown 2:51
I think producing

Unknown 3:00
producing the T Mobile

Unknown 3:11
Does that make sense? Other resources I think so manufacturing the system itself. So manufacturing capacity

Unknown 3:36
so how was it for you with the with your algorithm slightly shifted the idea trying to make it easier to ask

Unknown 3:51
especially so so

Unknown 3:58
is condition one marking systems with electronics. So basically trying to build a box to sell

Unknown 4:09
some products among these other motor control. This was BS flow and

Unknown 4:16
monitor the switching whether semiconductors

Unknown 4:30
so so there's a marketing line at the beginning of last.

Unknown 4:49
Event events as well as

Unknown 4:52
customers so

Unknown 4:59
they helped me yes, that's helping people get nice to hear responses

Unknown 5:20
and get a nice copy

Unknown 5:24
some of the some of the ideas I was really that

Unknown 5:27
we have and keep are

Unknown 5:30
very nice. So I guess what it was, like, for example, the key partners were the machine manufacturers. The officers in the house I guess because you've kind of linked the two. So yeah, I guess you'd need a bit that makes sense that you know customers or partners. It's more of a cycle is what he was saying when he like bought the paper and like that. They like reconnect

Unknown 6:02
my cells will be able to the applications or something maybe inside of the points that we can compensate in some way I can see how we can

Unknown 6:28
two years Okay. Remember the surplus wasn't US Bank. Cost This is a very long story because this required some device to produce revenue streams.

Unknown 6:55
Like scrum from from the interactions are you taking like a percentage of the of the money that they're making? So

Unknown 7:05
So there are two sorts of selfies

Unknown 7:14
something related to soil seeds. So these are these kinds of products. Now depends on the size of the person

Unknown 7:26
still being shifting around.

Unknown 7:30
Tomorrow scale a little more than that. which points to be able to like to calculate okay, what products we have the best day so it could be I don't know did it somehow decided to make an MVP. They will be producing them we'll get that working for but I can't say I can tell no colleagues, the negative and the positive saying

Unknown 8:18
yeah, you have like a food waste.

Unknown 8:19
You're talking you're talking Yeah, average waste.

Unknown 8:25
That's been I guess we'll say like psychologically, it's like a garden in urban areas. is a kind of like spiritual positive.

Unknown 8:43
Community

Unknown 8:49
thinking people who went past the first stage

Unknown 8:54
that's what I've watched. So I use that potential what some like which will be

Unknown 9:12
so that's I think I'll at this stage.

Unknown 9:19
You suggesting that the box that comes in is produced from scratch, or is it a recyclable? So

Unknown 9:25
these so because also to give it to be more flexible? So I was thinking about something like it's the font size of bars could be assembled to the size and height like his costume on the aluminium or plastic and now that's in the unit. However, it's could be recycled. So if you have what's called a metre once, one cubic metre box and you want to expand it and someone else wants to get rid of half a metre you can get those like these expand. Yep. So it's recyclable, but yet, most likely some of them will be plastic definitely because it will be easier to produce lighter as well.

Unknown 10:16
But is there a is there a business that has a waste that conveniently could make your box? Like is there anything that is? Yes, like any business that has a waste products that you could take on to make? It be I guess, like if it's made out of something recyclable that's better than it being out of as they say like the virgin material.

Unknown 10:44
Yeah, maybe think about something like

Unknown 10:47
yeah, like, is it? Is that like, I don't know, like person. I don't know enough about now. Like the practicalities of making something like that. But is there a way that you can take a different business like to make people go about generic

Unknown 11:08
that's the issue. One of the issues you need to make it pretty as pretty as this could be inside as well. Yeah, I like printing. So this this particular bit needs to be shiny. V. Just think if there will be a lot of transportation. There will be some station waggon

Unknown 11:37
and send that sense

Unknown 11:44
think about this one. Because the whole thing, built this idea so start up from here. Yeah.

Unknown 12:01
Especially here we couldn't find something similar. So it's either Oh, it's not exploring this. Yeah.

Unknown 12:13
Yeah, it'd be interesting to see it like prototype for small scale. Yeah. Because

Unknown 12:23
you haven't. You can put like, tissue paper in soil. Moisture will be completely naturally the composite and it will be healthy soil. Nice. Now, you cannot have a month for these places. And you cannot keep putting things. Yeah. So that's the challenge that needs to be solved.

Unknown 12:52
Do you do a lot of gardening, too.

Unknown 12:54
I grew up born in village so my childhood spent in green places. Yeah, I always feel like I have a connection. I had a lot of animals when I was a kid. But when I grew up a little bit, I completely disconnected and I was tripping over what's working. Yeah, I feel that I want to have at least some contribution as I have. No idea.

Unknown 13:25
I mean, yeah. Well, I want to do Yeah. So when I worked at an advertising agency, I touch I'm going back after I graduate, so I'll go back to them this summer. And I guess, because well. Yeah, so well. It's called it's technically a creative agency. So they kind of call themselves like the innovations night is like company to give it all fancy names, but it's based in London and they mostly they'll do anything really like for the most part. It's like loading web building, but then they do some sort of like some campaigns that are more socially and environmentally conscious. I guess I'll go into marketing and make the world a better place, but I just don't think Well, it's hard to say necessarily with marketing. I think it is exactly like the business model. The business model isn't that you are just greenwashing. Unfortunately. And the problem is that is kind of the reality. I think like Rossi has a big role to play in terms of like education, and then if you can educate people to demand better for business and the business can kind of restructure but I don't know if the monitoring itself is is able to play like that role. Yeah.

Unknown 14:54
What do you do? Are you in a creative I mean yeah,

Unknown 14:59
it's, I'd be going into strategy. When I did my placement, I worked across like three different departments. So I did the creative. I did the client services, I did the strategy and I think strategy is kind of most applicable to what Bas is geared towards in terms of consumer research and insight building. Like trends was that kind of responsible marketing exploration so it would be strategy so I like the brainstorm because I

Unknown 15:26
work also for strategic communication company in Dubai in the Middle East have been stumbling. For three years I've been working for them. They do have an office in London as well. So we do our motto is to get started the same. So almost as creating positive change. We have to teach my colleagues the other companies too. Yeah. Very interesting sometime shortly.

Unknown 16:20
You have a you have

Unknown 16:23
so we do have so we have production house where we develop our materials, like I said, all visual things and use AI as well. We do have the strategy world to campaigns based on the client mainly working on cycle as a business trying to create positive change. Not just sales. I was gonna say

Unknown 17:08
Murray, your family's book consumers user base. So you do have users do have a customer no like no physical customer service, I should say some people used to like a service at St. Paul's.

Unknown 17:27
You can help us get ready to the highest win, especially if you

Unknown 17:38
haven't yet. Yeah, I'm not doing this Sure, yeah.

Unknown 17:50
What's your name? Sasha Sasha Sasha Did you did you speak? today? I don't have a business like Oh, I'm happy to say I don't have a business to discuss. I don't know if entrepreneurship is my calling. Guy.

Unknown 18:12
I guess your question would have been two questions were what why you got too many shows.

Unknown 18:23
Create a sophisticated I don't know, I guess. naturalness processor. I think maybe I just feel that way because an idea hasn't hit me. Yet. I'm open to do Yes. business, marketing and I'm gonna go into like advertising

Unknown 18:55
Yeah, community, you know definitely is still

Unknown 19:08
my brand. I'm curious to hear about say, yes. Glad you came here. I'm very happy. Yeah. You have to make it more because it's a concept for the competition

Unknown 19:32
foxes, yes. No. Tell me what condition so bits photonics that take what kind of camera? So I think a lot especially in this generation, because as we were installing more of these systems, the cost of maintenance becomes imperative for producing these things inside of static debate so that you don't have to wait for it to break into send someone out to one extreme wind turbine, very expensive to send a helicopter to schedule is costly. The other extreme, easy place to start is with hyper localised generation, like in some sort of a financial windfall, you can have hundreds of 1000s

Unknown 20:45
servants and so there's no one there to look after. Just having a system in control. It's about not just say it's broken, but actually it's getting worse. Purchase with a similar system that was similar to doing it generates three bits. Tactical profit. Switching sort of very quickly to

Unknown 21:35
be found to be your environmental sorry.

Unknown 21:39
Well, I mean, sending someone to have a culture is a job. Yes, well, I suppose the biggest thing the failure rates go down to such an environmental cost of building systems and recall is our way future it's not worth

Unknown 22:12
it we can

Unknown 22:20
come back to destroy so you have to be our

Unknown 22:31
customer

Unknown 22:39
I feel like I grow the most I never know.

Unknown 22:55
There's also another sector it's not federally valuable. So yeah, you should try. So single, single one. Maybe that's an easier way to

Unknown 23:20
go. And it's like definitely doesn't exist. Yeah.

Unknown 23:24
Not for technical reasons why.

Unknown 23:46
What aspects as a missionary, I'd like to

Unknown 23:49
know specifically but a bit just related to general signals that change over time.

Unknown 24:01
Prosthetics Mostly but it could be anything

Unknown 24:19
Oh, yeah, good, good. Um, like I was part of the COVID cohort. I felt really like it and a little bit. Like, I don't know, like I was fighting. But this has been a lot better. There's like a real shift and boss about talking about a lot of like anti capitalist freezing.

Transcribed by https://otter.ai