Unknown 1:10
Hi John John. How you doing? Again? Um, I just run through you through our idea and then the MVP and then maybe get some feedback from you.

Unknown 1:24
Perfect. Yeah.

Unknown 1:25
Thank you. That's okay. So that's it a service meeting businesses, I expos, trade shows and networking events. And we implement NLP and date in these conversations to create a transcript, which we get, which we can take summary data from it and offer it to organizers. Or conversely, we can provide sell the transcripts to the attendance or the businesses who presents at these places like let's say a trade show. And we know that organizers already so attendance data to these businesses who present because that's how they it's part of the data mining process, because the customer data is very important to these people. And our MVP is going to basically in just 10 seconds of talking, the app should tell you who you're talking to, which is very short and the time when you connect with people, instead of scanning QR codes, you can just talk and then connect. Thank you.

Unknown 2:35
If you have any questions, John, sure. Um, why are you doing this?

Unknown 2:41
Um I've attended a few trade shows and expos and my gap here. And I find it quite cumbersome scanning QR codes, especially when it's like a five way or four way conversation or even business cards. So I thought just by talking, if we can connect and also go back to your conversations via transcripts will be great.

Unknown 3:02
And this is something so talk me through the hardware side of things. I mean, is it just using a mobile phone or what what

Unknown 3:10
our current plan is we're going to have a little microphone on each person. Just a headset and then that will record everything that they say. We will then use the timestamp information from when they're talking and what they're saying to try and identify the most likely people they're actually speaking to having conversation in the room. Our initial plan was to use Bluetooth but we think that it will be too unreliable with a distancing and the number of people in a networking event that we hundreds was just gonna be a large is going to be we're going to train a model to predict who's talking to him. We're going to generate training data using to chat bots, converting what they say into an audio file and then use that as the training data into our model. We will run that and hopefully, that'll be how we attempt the actual technical side of it. At the moment, we're going to focus mainly on getting the front end the back end, and then we'll do the AI side of the system. We've got a pitch for Dragon's Den style meeting in a month's time and we're kind of on a very compressed schedule and training a large model is going to be very difficult in that kind of timeframe. So we're kind of

Unknown 4:33
just want to launch the bare minimum MVP as fast as possible right.

Unknown 4:37
Now that I get, I'm still while some appreciate early days, and obviously you're just looking for feedback, aren't you? So first of all, congrats and well done for trying to do this. I think looking at the possible pitfalls first. And then also, I can say a bit about my perspective on this kind of tool because certainly over the last while I mean I've been exhibiting at events as a sponsor and participant in going to them regularly for about 16 years. And then about maybe about 12 years ago, there's always been a desire to improve the kind of networking experience at conferences and events. And for example, things such as you know, apps that when you get in proximity with someone else, you can see their bio, make their LinkedIn profile. Maybe some people were having like RFID tags. There's all sorts of different solutions and I mean, none of them have ever succeeded. Really, none of them have become you know, mass marking. The closest thing today then I see most people using is LinkedIn and you know, of course, the QR code for LinkedIn. But even that, you know, Microsoft makes that difficult to use because, of course, it's a little bit hidden. And secondly, when even when you've got the repple out depending whether your first second or third degree connection, one can be first but you know, second or third, you may see either follow or connect as the primary call to action button, which, of course in reality, you always want to connect. You've literally just met them you scan their code of course you want to connect, you wouldn't want to just follow. So that's weird, but that seems to be the best way of kind of tracking. What interactions have I had and you know who I'm meeting and of course, the actual event itself, particularly for an exhibitor, you're obliged and required to use their bad scanners, either software or hardware that you must scan that is to record booth visitors. But that's obviously separate. So if I've understood correctly, what the problem and I think this is really the it's very important to really start with the problem. The pain point, not the use case. Start with the pain point first and then the use case, then how you can solve it. And the pain point is that when we're at conferences, we meet lots of people, we're not sure who we're meeting. We don't know much context about them. And then afterwards, it's hard to remember who you spoke to. What did you say? All that kind of you know, exact timing. So your that pain point you believe you can solve with applying a software running in a phone with a little bit of microphone clip on for hardware, use of AI which we can come on to but essentially you're trying to record the conversation and then make sense of it. So that you can then have that kind of ability to you know, use some NLP models, some other you know, generative AI or extracted models to make sense of what was said, in order to get that summarization and that kind of so what kind of aspect of it and you're even hoping to identify who the person is speaking to based upon the different audio kind of clips that you have? And some of the assumptions and prerequisites you have for this to work are the one that of course the I mean, I think these are kind of questions in no particular order, but how much of this will be running on device on the smartphone itself? How much of this will be in the cloud?

Unknown 8:25
Other NLP services, it takes a while for us to process it. I think they send it to their server and then process it and come back later.

Unknown 8:33
Yeah. So we'd be doing all of the we'll do is we'll convert the audio file into text and then accompany that with a timestamp. And then we'll send that off to the server. And then what we'll do is we'll try and we'll summarize everything that you've said. And we'll also try and determine who you've been talking to, and the group that you might be talking to basically. Yeah, like a.

Unknown 9:03
So I've got some building work going on in the background, but apologies.

Unknown 9:09
We basically just have each each person attending the event and you'd register your attendance. And then everything that you say is going to get recorded with a timestamp information of when you start and when you stop speaking. And then what we'll do is we'll send that off to our our server. The server will then look at everyone who's talking all at once, and it's going to go and it's going to try and calculate who's like based on the similarity of the text that has been mentioned and the timestamp information that's going to try and work out who's talking to who, certainly those that have background and also the background noise. Well, the background I would like to cancel out as much as possible, so it's just the individual speaker would be best.

Unknown 9:51
Okay. And I think the the need here is that it must be able to work offline, because a Wi Fi at Hotel at conferences is notoriously unreliable and congestion and you know, there's just what is nearly it's a universal problem that you're delighted and surprised when it works. At all. And also the bandwidth and latency. So fair enough. So the microphone is that's really only going to record the person who's speaking it won't really be able to record the person I'm speaking to is that correct?

Unknown 10:23
That was that was kind of the the before we I was running into when trying to come up with an idea of how we solve that. And my solution, like at first was to just do have like a two party system where you could view like a business card virtually. And then you could then but that's very similar to how it already works in LinkedIn. Then my next idea, the next idea that we've had is to just if we're recording one person speaking, that doesn't give us any information about who they're talking to, but we can predict with a rough degree of accuracy based on when they start and stop because when two people have conversation names, names and names, and we will look at buzzwords and everything will. We'll try and figure out based on the similarity of that conversation when they start and stop talking. And if any names get brought up or not. We'll make our lives a lot easier. But at the moment, we're going to be just applying I think there's ways to get around. Yeah, there's ways to get around it. And I'm I'm currently studying machine learning this year, and we're putting into practice a lot of large line like not building harsh language models and stuff like that, but we're developing our own systems. And I believe I can pull off something like this. And we

Unknown 11:52
got two other two other co founders who's got similar experiences and stuff. But what do you think about the organizer aspect of it? Because I often hear that they lack transparency, and they'd like more information out of these events. But yet they it just always ends up being charging the participants or charging the businesses who present in it, you know, do you think is there a need for such summary data on tea participants, do you think? Well,

Unknown 12:23
so the next kind of question slash concern is, a lot of these conversations are happening at events, particularly if you aren't exhibitor. They're very much you know, sales conversations, that business development, you're trying to get some leads from this. And in general, letting people know that they're being recorded is a real buzzkill because of course people think I'm going to be on the record I can't they you know, people use us normal human behavior and people just clam up if they've been recorded. So that's because I've been to events where I've been talking to different people and actually, I went to like a music trade show actually in Los Angeles and I was there on the invitation of a friend who's got a Pro Audio website. And so I had that kind of land yard and it just happened to say the name of the, you know, this Pro Audio website. And this guy was talking quite happily in the moment he just glanced down and saw that I was associated with this thing. So well, we're well, I can't talk to you. Because I can't go on the record subject, but I'm just chatting. I'm here as a friend, you know, and said, No, no, you need to make an appointment. You need to schedule it. And so that was a conversation over. And I think there is a I don't know if how much you've tested that kind of assumption. That people will be willing to talk when they know they're being recorded. And of course, it's very shaky ground if people don't know they're being recorded.

Unknown 13:57
So this business see professional environment then. Okay,

Unknown 14:02
yeah, yeah, I mean, we're very much these are all kind of trade shows or you know, kind of pull it conferences of various sorts. That's, that's mainly what I go to. They've been telecoms, digital media, cloud AI, those are the kinds of events that I've, over the last 15 years have attended. But they all they all share the same theme. I mean, people are basically they're either buyers or sellers are all there to learn. And those are the people kind of wandering around these events. I think, some of the kind of quick observations the ability to filter out background noise. I think if you've got a close mic, then fine you know, I think you can do most cancellation algorithms are getting pretty good at cutting everything out. But the ability then to hear anything of the background environment is like zero, and you'll maybe get some kind of clipped some clipping of the kind of speaker's own audio. So the kind of noise cancellation is a bit. It's a bit too aggressive. But that can be tuned a bit, but that's kind of I think, the best you're gonna get in terms of audio quality. So the solution is, it depends upon ubiquity that everyone present. Basically it's like a condition of the conferences. You know, you will have to wear these mics. I think that would be very difficult sell to people because for those reasons of confidentiality that suddenly feel like they're being turned into marketing drones or they can't speak because everything's being recorded. Big Brother file. And

Unknown 15:41
transcript is only available to the person you talk to and yourself and to nobody else.

Unknown 15:48
Yeah, again, I am not sure the

Unknown 15:53
ology thing isn't and it's more of a case where as soon as people realize they're being recorded, even if it's just for their own benefit, that I guess

Unknown 16:04
there was a feedback, I get polarizing feedback. I many people say Oh, I'd love to have these transcripts, or Oh, I'd love to just connect the test by just talking. But some people were just very, very, like you said, very hesitant to use. Exactly.

Unknown 16:20
And I think the other topic is that maybe situation is that not everybody is there to talk business all the time. You know so many of those conversations are Yeah, sure. You go from booth to booth or you're you're kind of generally networking, and there'll be much of the conversation it's business but then they'll be the time when Oh, yeah, you know, you caught up with with Sheila or Sam or something haven't seen for ages and you're having a catch up. And then they're telling you about their marriage breakdown and whatever, or you're meeting up with someone that comes in for ages and you're hoping to cup off with them, you know, that night in a hotel. You know, there's there's a whole range of, you know, human social interactions that can happen in a conference that so you might want to say, well, just just a minute, I just need to you know, go on mute and you know, kind of turn it off, which is maybe a kind of barrier. But go back to your question about you know, what is what was the value to like, you know, the organizers and to have that kind of transcript and insight. I think, normally they what what kind of sell so it's So from my point of view, you know, on regularly consider and are approached and occasionally sponsor at events. And what I look for is exactly as you're saying that I really want to know who's going to be there, and the things that what the organizers can already give me is a list of the roles and the companies, but they would often have to anonymize it. So, I don't know. You know, which role from which company is going to be there because that's often a breach of GDPR to kind of say, right I'm just going to tell you exactly, we're gonna have you know, that the head of AI from Barclays is going to be there, you know, so they can't they can't say that, or certainly what was there in the previous year. And then what they start to do is as you keep approaching a next year's conference, you'll get the early kind of pre pre registration information. And normally that's kind of good enough to know that okay, we're gonna have this, this level of seniority of decision makers, budget holders, economic buyers, influences in the purchase pricing, and that's very much for b2b kind of business, which is what I mainly focus on if it was more b2c, or more kind of general business could be quite, quite different, but to know exactly what was discussed, and not not, I can't I mean, I could be wrong, but I can't see what incremental value that would add to the organizer in terms of how they promote that to sponsors and how they kind of make it even more appealing. Because, you know, the, what normally happens is at the end of the event, you you're encouraged to provide the survey feedback, you know, so as an attendee as a sponsor, classic, you know, well even better a net promoter score type stuff, and feedback and so all of that has worked in and then of course, you get the anecdotes, which are then used in marketing materials to promote the events of like, oh, you know, amazing meetings, learn so much, whatever, all those kinds of sound bites that you get. So that's a very manual process afterwards. But it's kind of that works because it's curated and it's intentional and people share what they want to share. I think trying to automatically infer by using MLMs, NLP techniques, speech to text processing it and I think you broadly, I think you're right that certainly I've been using other models and work in NLP for good not very long couple of years. And but pretty deep using different foundation models, using both large and small language models using retrieval, next generation different architectures, working out ways to solve some of these problems, and I'm currently seeing quite a lot of interest in conversational interfaces particularly for you know, customer service and some of those problems there are about obviously understanding and classification so in a named entity recognition classification, summarization of what was said was a classic NLP things. And then to kind of come up with it, you know, so So what what do we need to know about this? So it's possible you could expect without too much work? Some of these models are already very good and if the quality is okay, then you can work out what's this about this conversation? You know, at least one half of it. I think the stitching together of two halves of the conversation is quite an interesting novel problem. So, because I think you're right, the you may not be able to tell location reliably, unless you've got you know, Bluetooth, low energy beacons, you know, dotted around and you'd use that for positioning which actually works reasonably well. But the timestamps I think, is probably fine. So that would allow you to really correlate and say, okay, that person's this conversation is two halves of it, more or less but that would be the mean, that's a really interesting data science problem. You know, it's interesting machine learning problem, which is worth studying. What I'm hesitating over is even if you do all of that, and even if it does manage to work out, okay, this is a whole conversation, for all of the other reasons. I just think it's going to be challenging to get to that point to, to solve that. That problem means

Unknown 21:57
the text summarization and summarizing the conversations you had in marketing and more, just the whole talk to connect version of it. To be more successful.

Unknown 22:11
So just froze for a bit there. But the last thing said,

Unknown 22:17
If we lent away from the conversation, summarization and more towards just talking to connect in our marketing, do you reckon that'd be more successful?

Unknown 22:27
Yeah. That's a helpful thing. Because then if it is, look, we don't actually keep any of what you say is effectively irrelevant to us. We just want to know who you're talking to and what we want to help you connect. That would be Yeah, that that will be interesting. And, and useful. Again, to be fair, all of these things they will come down to, you know, as I said, What is the pain point? And here the pain point is, you know, getting your phone out to open LinkedIn and scan each other's code takes 30 seconds. Once you're in the flow, I mean, you're basically walking around with that your QR code up all the time. So the moment you reach that point, you just hold it up and then people just scan it and off you go. So the value of that of solving that pain point might not actually be that that grades. The other thing of course, people should be wearing lanyards you do spend some time trying to pay it pay down and just, you know, try to be trying to look at their face, but you're secretly trying to just see what their position is and which company it is. And the name of your, you know, randomly networking. So, again, you can probably see if it's someone you want to talk to, and what I tend to do is if I'm in kind of sales mode, I will hover and lurk on the edge of other people's conversations. So I can then have a chance to start watching what you know what they're saying eavesdrop a bit, try and see their name tags. And then if it's looking promising, right, I'm gonna muscle in now you know, because that's

Unknown 24:02
try to snipe for the right person do you go in there looking for not a lot of prey but like, you know, with with with objectives.

Unknown 24:12
Oh, always I mean conferences. I mean, either on that to learn or I'm there to network can, you know, sell sell something? Occasionally I'm looking to buy something but that's quite rare. Normally I would anything I'm procuring, I would find via other means. So it's more about education and selling and general networking and then also catching up with friends in the industry. So very often, there'll be a bump into things, been pumped to people. So for example, I was I spent all time in San Francisco. So I spent a lot of time in sort of the generative AI community and I was there in December for an open core summit open source software conference. And as I sat there a lunch break this guy just came up to me and said, Oh, we've met him and we looked at method which looks a bit familiar. Turns out that he met me at a another event in London, he's London based. And he recognized me from a previous conversation and we we chatted for a bit and there's a business opportunity there. So, you know, a great bit of serendipity, you know, from from doing that and being there so, those things are really nice when they happen, but usually it's, if I'm actively networking, it's about that to try and create those, you know, find find new connections. I mean, the other thing is the background noise, not to be underestimated. Obviously, these events can be incredibly noisy and also if there's like a networking party, you know, it's the after, after the event 5pm The drinks come out. And then of course, particularly after people have had a few beers or glasses of wine, whatever, the volume level goes up, everyone starts cackling and shouting or even worse, there's a band playing badly in the background. So the music just drowns everything out anyway, so you I mean, you just be there you know, leaning in and really shouting so that could be could also be a challenge.

Unknown 25:58
I I've already have five organizer who signed up to it when we release MVP, but it's not big, like players like expos or trade shows. So that that could be more why, hopefully, as we release the MVP, we could slowly get people to be more comfortable with it. You know what I mean? Maybe then they could be more accepting. But I do take your point on SCP, some people do seem very hesitant towards it. Yeah. And

Unknown 26:31
also, I mean, so great. You're talking lots of people and I'm just one data point. And also this can be generational. So obviously, I'm extremely old. And so, you know, for my generation and, you know, kind of, it's less common to use audio in this way. But I hear that the kids today and you know, you can tell them tell me how you see things, but of course, Voice Memos really common, you know, so I'm just gonna record a little voice snippet and send that rather than typing something out. You know, for a text message, you know, using insert or whatever, or SNAP, or phoning someone God forbid, no one actually makes a phone call. So if you're comfortable, the voice memo, you might be more comfortable with being recorded anywhere. So fine, easy, great. It's just a permanent Voice Memo always on and so some people might be absolutely fine with it. And also, you know, success in startups is always timing timing is you either too early or too late. You know, you got to be just ahead of the curve. So that you're ready Right Place Right Time if things take off. So if the behavior is that people generally are becoming more comfortable with it, the way that you know the pandemic really accelerated the adoption of video, because the price the pandemic, people were less comfortable doing video calls in general, you know, obviously, we still had people used to use Skype, you know, people use Zoom even before the pandemic, but not as much and many people I just want to do an audio call, you know, I just want to do an audio conference call that was how we did business in the late 1900s. You know, that was normal. And now it's very normal and it's a bit weird to not have video you would you would have video on all the time so could be that soon. People are comfortable with the audio side.

Unknown 28:15
There's many virtual hybrid events nowadays, and many of these transcripts, things you can implement into these meetings, and you could just make your transcripts but I feel like if these business conferences are purely professional anyways, you know, it really goes in favor of the organizer or the corporation doing it to make it more professional rather than like chitchat about waffles.

Unknown 28:39
But, yeah, I think you just got to be careful about you don't want people to feel they're being policed. And also, cultural culture. So as I say, it's been a long time as states. I mean, that's an absolute no, no, you know, people, anything which is like you are being forced to behave a certain way. It's fierce resistance to him. So that's a little bit more accepting in other cultures and other countries, you know, globally. That's a spectrum but in the US, for example, but I mean, what was your target market? You are assuming the UK was looking at first? Geez for now. Speaking

Unknown 29:22
so at the moment, we'll just be launching in the UK so yeah, with potential to move out. Do you think

Unknown 29:30
EU countries are more other people in the EU more harsh towards these privacy issues? Do

Unknown 29:38
you think so UK somewhere in the middle? I mean, obviously all too late. Sorry, go ahead. Sorry, I got this. I was

Unknown 29:48
thinking maybe us or

Unknown 29:51
so you. You can go with this. I think there's a big delay on this. Us is actually that fair amount of scrutiny on privacy genuinely, but not in a GDPR way just in a kind of citizens rights Goddamnit you know, that's the focus. So the individual should be free to say what they want to say do what they want to do. They do not want to be recorded. That's a generalization but that's the kind of general kind of mood in UK with somewhere in the middle of being a little bit kind of funny about, okay, whose rules are these that we're having to comply with? But we're a bit more kind of easygoing. I mean, obviously, Germany is the France was to a lesser extent, other high watermark of GDPR kind of adherence and compliance. And so of course, you need to be crystal clear on what the basis of the information collection is, obviously, you know, the sort of six different forms and purposes of why you're doing this and so, people will be explicitly needed to be carefully walked through this and signed up to it. So you may find just the administrative burden of even getting people to agree to this as like, you know, you can't just say, hey, just tap that and go. It might, you might have more kind of resistance in Germany because there'll be saying, no, no, we really want to know. The other thing to be mindful of is people are quite uppity about their information being used for training a model, because that if there's any whiff of this being used for training, then they will say, Well, hang on, what does that mean that there could be leakage of my conversation data? Because if that's in the training data set, you know, you can there's attacks exploits you can use to get that model to reveal some of its training sources. So that may might also be a real concern. And we are

Unknown 31:49
Yeah, we are. But thanks for the arises. John, thank you very much.

Unknown 31:52
Thank you very much for your time. Really appreciate

Unknown 31:55
no pleasure and I look forward to kind of what happy to keep in touch. Lincoln and

Unknown 32:06
thank you I say Bye

Transcribed by https://otter.ai